Opportunist
Heavy Hitter
Dragon Talon
Power of 4
Power of 5
Last-Ditch Effort
Hitting Streak
Damage Streak
Risk-Taker
Swarm
Steely Resolve
Pyre
Dancing Dragons
Pummel
Pixie Power
Sinister Power
Crowd Control
Counterattack
Vitality Drain
Quake
Fearless
Swat
Brute Force
Quirky
Quirky+
Prank
Stabilize
Stabilize+
Disrupt Buster
Rock Break
Cloud Clear
Block Smash
Eject
Barrier Bash
Swap
Chill
Astonish
Flap
Mind Zap
Burn
Spookify
Freeze
Sleep Charm
Paralyze
Mega Boost
Hyper Punch
Power of 4+
Power of 5+
Crowd Power
Double Normal
Mega Boost+
Mega Boost++
Stabilize++
Rock Break+
Rock Break++
Cloud Clear+
Cloud Clear++
Block Smash+
Block Smash++
Eject+
Eject++
Barrier Bash+
Barrier Bash++
Swap+
Swap++
Shock Attack
Nosedive
Sky Blast
Poisonous Mist
Downpour
Super Bolt
Good Luck
Cross Attack
L-Boost
T-Boost
Cheer
Paralysis Combo
Sleep Combo
Relentless
Poison Pact
Ice Dance
Ground Forces
Flash Mob
Poison
Toxic Stress
Flashover
Whirlpool
Constrict
Final Effort
Fury of 5
Dragon Sweep
Dragon Shriek
Goad
Rockify
Blockify
Prospector
Alchemist
Transform
Rarely, attacks can deal greater damage than usual.
Attacks can occasionally deal greater damage than usual.
Attacks can occasionally deal greater damage than usual.
Attacks do more damage when you make a match of four.
Attacks do more damage when you make a match of five.
Attacks do more damage when things are looking desperate.
Does more damage the more times in a row it is triggered.
Does more damage the more times in a row it is triggered.
Damage may randomly be increased or decreased.
Attacks do more damage when things are looking desperate.
Attacks do more damage when things are looking desperate.
Increases damage done by any Fire types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Dragon types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Fighting types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Fairy types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Dark types in a combo.
The more name in the puzzle area, the more damage.
The more disruptions on the board, the greater the damage.
Does more damage when the opponent has more HP left.
Sometimes increases damage and leaves opponent paralyzed.
Combos do more damage if the opponent is Ghost type.
Does more damage against Flying, Bug, or Fairy types.
Increases damage for attacks that are not very effective.
Occasionally erases one extra matching Pokémon elsewhere.
Occasionally erases two extra matching Pokémon elsewhere.
Occasionally changes when a foe will next disrupt your play.
Occasionally erases one of the foe's disruptions on the board.
Occasionally erases two of the foe's disruptions on the board.
Occasionally erases all of the foe's disruptions.
Destroys one breakable-rock disruption without fail.
Clears away one black-cloud disruption without fail.
Clears one unbreakable-block disruption without fail.
Removes one non-Support Pokémon icon without fail.
Removes one barrier-type disruption without fail.
Can replace a disruption with this Pokémon.
Can delay your opponent's disruptions for a turn.
Can delay your opponent's disruptions for a turn.
Can delay your opponent's disruptions for a turn.
Can reset your opponent's disruption counter to maximum.
Leaves the foe burned.
Leaves the foe spooked.
Leaves the foe frozen.
Leaves the foe asleep.
Leaves the foe paralyzed.
Fills the Mega Gauge of a Pokémon of the same type.
Attacks sometimes deal even more damage than usual.
Attacks do even more damage when you make a match of four.
Attacks do even more damage when you make a match of five.
The more name in the puzzle area, the more damage.
Increases damage done by any Normal types in a combo.
Fills the Mega Gauge of the same type of Pokémon more.
Fills the Mega Gauge of same type of Pokémon even more.
Occasionally erases five of the foe's disruptions on the board.
Sometimes destroys three breakable-rock disruptions.
Sometimes destroys five breakable-rock disruptions.
Sometimes clears away three black-cloud disruptions.
Sometimes clears away five black-cloud disruptions.
Sometimes clears three unbreakable-block disruptions.
Sometimes clears five unbreakable-block disruptions.
Sometimes removes three non-Support Pokémon icons.
Sometimes removes five non-Support Pokémon icons.
Sometimes removes three barrier-type disruptions.
Sometimes removes five barrier-type disruptions.
Can replace some disruptions with this Pokémon.
Can replace many disruptions with this Pokémon.
Leaves the foe paralyzed for a longer period of time.
Attacks can occasionally deal a lot more damage than usual.
Increases damage done by any Flying types in a combo.
Does more damage when the opponent has more HP left.
Does more damage when the opponent has more HP left.
Rarely, attacks can deal greater damage than usual.
Makes it more likely to receive items when set as a Support.
Making a + shaped match deals more damage than usual.
Making an L-shaped match deals more damage than usual.
Making a T-shaped match deals more damage than usual.
Increases the chance that the next match's skill is triggered.
Boosts damage done by combos if the foe is paralyzed.
Boosts damage done by combos if the foe is asleep.
Boosts damage done by combos if foe has any status condition.
Increases damage done by Poison types in the combo.
Increases damage done by Ice types in the combo.
Increases damage done by Ground types in the combo.
Having more Pokémon of the same type boosts damage dealt.
Leaves the foe poisoned.
Does more damage the more times in a row it is triggered.
Attacks sometimes deal greater damage than usual.
Can delay your opponent's disruptions for a turn.
Can delay your opponent's disruptions for two turns.
Attacks do more damage when there are no more moves left.
Attacks do more damage when you make a match of five.
May remove two non-Support  Pokémon.
Leaves the foe paralyzed for a longer period of time.
May force the foe to trigger its disruption immediately.
Occasionally turns one non-Support Pokémon into a rock.
Occasionally turns one non-Support Pokémon into a block.
Changes one rock into a Coin.
Changes one block into a Coin.
Changes up to 3 name into another Support Pokémon.
Erases all Pokémon five rows above and five rows below.
Erases all Pokémon in the five columns to the left and right.
Erases all Pokémon four rows above and four rows below.
Erases all Pokémon in the four columns to the left and right.
Erases all Pokémon three rows above and three rows below.
Erases all Pokémon in the three columns to the left and right.
Erases all Pokémon within one space of the match.
Erases all Pokémon within two spaces of the match.
Erases all Pokémon within three spaces of the match.
Erases diagonal Pokémon from upper-right to lower-left corner.
Erases diagonal Pokémon from upper-left to lower-right corner.
Erases all Pokémon in an X-shaped pattern.
Erases all Pokémon in a Y-shaped pattern.
Erases all Pokémon in an O-shaped pattern.
Erases all Pokémon in a V-shaped pattern.
A vertical lightning strike erases a jagged line of Pokémon.
A random lightning strike erases a jagged line of Pokémon.
Erases all megaName in the puzzle area.
Clears one kind of Pokémon with the same type as megaName (max 10).
Erases things like rocks and blocks (max 10), and does damage to the foe.
Erases Pokémon (max 3) of the same type as megaName.
Adds one more megaName above the match.
Adds one more megaName to the left of the match.
Erases Pokémon with three lines from upper right to lower left.
Erases Pokémon with three lines from upper left to lower right.
Erases rocks (max 10), and also does damage to the foe.
Erases blocks (max 10), and also does damage to the foe.
Erases (max 10) barrier-covered Pokémon or disruptions, damages foe.
Erases a Pokémon of a different type from megaName (max 10).
Erases a jagged line of Pokémon horizontally.
Erases a group of Pokémon in the middle at once.
Erases Pokémon on a random jagged line horizontally.
Erases Pokémon and disruptions around a spot you tap.
Erases Pokémon and disruptions around two spots you tap.
Erases Pokémon and disruptions around three spots you tap.
Erases a jagged line of Pokémon vertically.
Erases Pokémon on a random jagged line vertically.
Erases Pokémon in a horizontal V-shaped pattern.
Big Wave
Metal Combo
Phantom Combo

Leaf Combo
Rock Combo
Bug Combo
Psychic Combo
Cross Attack+
Three Force
Full Power
Hyper Bolt
Super Arrow
Super Tackle
Super Voice
Unity Power
4 Up
Try Hard

Non Stop+
Hitting Streak+

Absorb
Counterattack+
Rock Shot
Quirky++
Blindside
Cloud Shot
Barrier Shot
Shot Out


Block Shot
Freeze+
Spookify+

Crushing Step
Daunt
Nap Time
Lightning
Burn+
Calm Down


Super Cheer
Increases damage done by any Water types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Steel types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Ghost types in a combo.

Increases damage done by any Grass types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Rock types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Bug types in a combo.
Increases damage done by any Psychic types in a combo.
Making a + shaped match deals even more damage than usual.
Attacks do more damage when you make a match of three.
Rarely, attacks do a ton more damage when you make a match of four.

Rarely, attacks do a ton more damage when you make a match of four.
Rarely, attacks do a ton more damage when you make a match of four.
Rarely, attacks do a ton more damage when you make a match of four.
Attacks can sometimes deal a lot more damage than usual.
Attacks do more damage with a match of four. Its Skill Level will go up more easily!
Attacks rarely deal a ton more damage than usual.
Attacks do even more damage when things are looking desperate.
Does even more damage the more times in a row it is triggered.
Does even more damage the more times in a row it is triggered.

Does more damage when the opponent has more HP left.
The more disruptions on the board, the greater the damage.
Erases two breakable-rock disruptions and also increases damage.
Rarely erases five extra matching Pokémon elsewhere.
Sometimes erases two extra matching Pokémon elsewhere.
Erases two black-cloud disruptions and increases damage.
Removes two barrier-type disruptions without fail.
Erases two non-Support Pokémon and increases damage.


Erases two unbreakable-block disruptions and increases damage.
Rarely leaves the foe frozen for a long time.
Sometimes leaves the foe spooked for an even longer period of time.

Can delay your opponent's disruptions for a turn and also increases damage.
Can delay your opponent's disruptions for a turn and also increases damage.
Leaves the foe asleep.
Leaves the foe paralyzed for a short period of time.
Rarely leaves the foe burned for an even longer period of time.
Can delay your opponent's disruptions for a turn.


Guarantees that the next match's skill is triggered.